CAIP-27: JSON-RPC Provider Request (#37)
ChainAgnostic/CAIPs: CAIPs/caip-27.md

## Abstract

This proposal has the goal to define a standard method for decentralization applications to request JSON-RPC requests from cryptocurrency wallets directly to a target chain.

## Motivation

The motivation comes from the ambiguity that comes from interfacing with multi-chain cryptocurrency wallets which may support the same methods for different chains and there is no indication of the chain that is being targetted by the decentralized application.

## Specification

The JSON-RPC provider is able to make any JSON-RPC requests accompanied by a [CAIP-2](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-2.md) compatible chainId's

### Request

The application would interface with a provider to make request as follows:

```jsonc
{
    "id": 1,
    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    "method": "caip_request",
    "params": {
        "chainId": "eip155:1",
        "request": {
            "method": "personal_sign",
            "params": ["0x68656c6c6f20776f726c642c207369676e2074657374206d65737361676521", "0xa89Df33a6f26c29ea23A9Ff582E865C03132b140"]
        }
    }
}
```

The JSON-RPC method is labelled as `caip_request` and expects two parameters:

> * chains -  CAIP-2 compatible chainId

Reviewer: In the example above it is called chainId

> * request - an object containting the fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* request - an object containing the fields:
```

    * method - JSON-RPC method to request
    * params - JSON-RPC parameters to request

### Response

> The wallet will respond to the requested with the targetted chain connection and it will return a response with a succes result or error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wallet will respond to the requested with the targeted chain connection and it will return a response with a success result or error message.
```
